## Unique Item Changes

- The Ab Aeterno Unique boots no longer grant 10% less Movement and Skill Speed per Dodge Roll in the past 20 seconds, and now have 200-250% increased Armour, Evasion and Energy Shield (previously 100-150%). It now has Your speed is unaffected by Slows while Sprinting, and Gain Overencumbrance for 4 seconds when you Dodge Roll. Existing versions of this Unique can be updated to the new Armour, Evasion and Energy Shield values using a Divine Orb, but will not receive any other changes.
- The Apep's Supremacy Unique Focus no longer has 30-50% faster start of Energy Shield Recharge.
- The Aztiri's Acuity Unique Gloves have been reworked. They now grant 150-200% increased Armour, +100-150 to maximum Life, Leech 10% of Physical Attack Damage as Life, and 10% of Physical damage dealt by your Hits causes Blood Loss and Vaal Pact. They also grant the Herald of the Royal Queen Skill. Vaal Cultivation Orb outcomes on Atziri's Acuity have also changed. Existing items are not affected by this change.
- The Sierran Inheritance Unique Body Armour now grants 15-30% increased Energy Shield Recharge Rate instead of 30-50% faster start of Energy Shield Recharge.
- The Blackflame Unique Ring no longer has Enemies Ignited by you take Chaos Damage instead of Fire Damage from Ignite. It now has Withered you inflict also increases Fire Damage taken, Ignite you Inflict deals Chaos Damage instead of Fire damage, and Withered does not expire on enemies Ignited by you. Additionally, it now has 80-100% increased Ignite Magnitude (previously 50%), and 60-75% reduced Ignite Duration on Enemies (previously 50%). Ignite Magnitude and Duration modifiers can be updated to the new values using a Divine Orb, other modifiers will remain unchanged.
- The Blistering Bond Unique Ring now has Fire Damage also Contributes to Bleeding Magnitude, and Bleeding you Inflict deals Fire damage instead of Physical damage, in addition to its other modifiers. Existing items are not affected by this change.
- The Brass Dome Unique Body Armour now has 500-600% increased Armour (previously 700-800%). Existing versions of this Unique can be made worse with a Divine Orb.
- The Carnage Heart Unique Amulet now has 25-50% increased Damage while Leeching. Existing items are unaffected by this change.
- The Chober Chaber Unique Mace now has +2-3 to Level of All Minion Skills. Existing items are not affected by this change.
- The Death's Harp Unique Bow no longer has Bow Attacks Fire 3 Additional Arrows, instead it now has +250-330% Surpassing Chance to Fire an Additional Arrow.
- The Elevore Unique Helmet now grants Charms gain 1 Charge per second (previously 0.5), and now provides +1-2 Charm Slots (previously +1). Existing items can be buffed using a Divine Orb.
- The Eshtera's Path Unique Ring no longer has Cold Resistance is unaffected by Area Penalties. It now has +5-10% to Fire and Cold Resistance per Equipped Item with a Lightning Resistance Modifier. Existing items are not affected by this change.
- The Glowswarm Unique Ring now has Using a Mana Flask grants Guard equal to 100% of the Flask's Recovery amount for 4 seconds. Existing items are not affected by this change.
- The Hollow Mask Unique Helmet now grants the Wildwood's Gifts Skill, where Azmerian spirits offer guidance, allowing you to see nearby Ancient Blooms. It also now has Remnants you create affect Allies in your Presence as well as you when collected, and 80-100% increased Reservation Efficiency of Remnant Skills.
- The Husk of Dreams Unique Body Armour has been renamed to Reverie. It no longer has 20-30% increased Flash Charges gained, or 50% less Flask Charges used. It now grants the Rite of Restoration Skill, and has Non-Unique Life Flasks apply their effects constantly. It also now has Cannot use Life Flasks, Recovery from Life Flasks cannot be instant, Recovery from Life Flasks cannot be applied to anything other than you, as well as 40-60% less Life Flask Recovery. Existing versions of this item cannot obtain these new modifiers.
- The Hyrri's Ire Unique Body Armour now has 100-150% Increased Evasion Rating (previously 200-250%), and Gain 10-20% of Damage as Extra Cold Damage (previously 15-25%). Existing versions of this Unique can be made worse with a Divine Orb.
- The Keeper of the Arc Unique Helmet now has 240-340% increased Armour and Energy Shield (previously 150-250%). Existing items can be updated to the new values using a Divine Orb.
- The Levinstone Unique Ring no longer has +1 to Level of all Lightning Skills. It now has Lightning Skills Chain +1 times.
- The Megalomaniac Unique Jewel now drops identified.
- The Plaguefinger Unique Gloves now have Cannot inflict Elemental Ailments.
- The Prized Pain Unique Ring no longer has Deal your Thorns Damage to Enemies you Stun with Melee Attacks. It now has 15-25% chance to deal your Thorns damage to enemies you Hit with Melee Attacks. Existing items are not affected by this change.
- The Radiant Grief Unique Helmet now has Enemies in your Presence are Ignited as though dealt 200 Base Fire Damage (previously 100). Existing items can be updated to the new value with a Divine Orb.
- The Safrin's Resolve Unique Ring no longer has Lightning Resistance is unaffected by Area Penalties. It now has +5-10% to Cold and Lightning Resistance per Equipped Item with a Fire Resistance Modifier. Existing items are not affected by this change.
- The Seed of Cataclysm Unique Ring no longer has 30-50% increased Critical Spell Damage Bonus. It now has 5% reduced Critical Spell Damage Bonus per Critical Hit you've dealt with Spells Recently, and 15-30% chance for Spell Damage with Critical Hits to be Lucky. Existing items are not affected by this change.
- The Sekhema's Resolve Unique Rings have been renamed to Safrin's Resolve, Zaida's Longevity, and Eshtera's Path.
- The Sine Aequo Unique Gloves now have 150-200% increased Armour, Evasion and Energy Shield (previously 100-150%). It no longer has Enemies Immobilised by you take 20% more Damage, and instead now has 30-50% increased Damage against Immobilised Enemies.
- The Soul Mantle Unique Body Armour no longer has 20-30% reduced Totem Life, it instead now has +75 to Spirit. Existing versions of this item are not affected by this change.
- The Svalinn Unique Shield's Cast on Block Skill now has Supported Skills Cost nothing. It also now has +50-100 Runic Ward, existing items are not affected by this change.
- The Zaida's Longevity Unique Ring no longer has Lightning Resistance is unaffected by Area Penalties. It now has +5-10% to Fire and Lightning Resistance per Equipped Item with a Cold Resistance Modifier. Existing items are not affected by this change.
- The Zerphi's Genesis Unique Belt no longer has 10-30% increased Charm Charges used. It now has 50% of Charges consumed by used Life Flasks are granted to your Charms, Skills from Corrupted Gems have 15-25% increased Cost Efficiency during any Flask Effect, and 25-50% increased Corrupted Charms Effect Duration, in addition to its other modifiers.
[Return to top](#top)
